#
# School management system 

> Total fetures and blueprint of the system.

# Global modules
- - -
### 1. Students attendance management.
### 2. School employees payroll management.
### 3. Library management system.
### 4.  School administration system.
### 5.  Inventory Mangement system.
### 6.  Students performance management system.
### 7.  Time Table management system
### 8.  Course management system
### 9.  Students fees management
### 10. Notice board management system   
### 11. Assesment management system
### 12. syllabus management system
### 13. Results management system
### 14. Students storyline management system



## Students attendance management
- - - 
 * Teachers can give students attendance
 * Students can view their attendance log

## School employees payroll management
- - -
* Employees, both teaching and non-teaching staffs salary systems will be there.
* Admin can edit the logs and give required input monthly wise.

## Library management system
- - -
* Books issued to each student.
* No of books and all required logs will be their.
* Students can check their issued books by them.
* Inventory of total library will br manged here.

## School administration system.
- - -
* Every penny of school fund will be managed here.
* No of trusties.
* Total collected funds by all sources.
* Required all funds in every department of school
* Required departments of school to be taken care of.

## Inventory Mangement system.
- - -
* No of equipements in every departmental labs.
* Requirement of any equipement.
* Issues reagarding any equipement in school department wise that can be logged by lab            incharges and teachers.
* Admin can take required actions on any requirement.

## Students performance management system
- - -
* Students performance from start to end in the school.
* Subject wise performance according to teacher and marks.
* Grade wise performance report of the student.
* Teachers can give performance report by giving required details in the system.
* Parents can check the performace reports of their childrens.
* Students can check the report of their performance in a partial manner for self-assessment.

## Time Table management system
- - -
* All the time tables of classes will be there with teachers names.
* Admin can edit and add details of classes.
* Time tables will be logged according to Grades and departments.
* Students and techers both can view the tables.

## Course management system
- - -
* grade wise no of courses or subjects in the school.
* Allocated teachers in every subject.
* Teacher requirements on every subjects.

## Students fees management
- - -
* individual students fees payments details.
* Generic details of all grades fees structure.

## Notice board manaement system
- - -
* Notice section for employess by admin.
* Notice section for students by teachers.
* Notice section for parents by teachers.

## Assesment management system
- - -
* Assesment schedule and details weekly and monthly basis.
* Assesment result dates and syllabus for each assement.
* Assigned teacher details and required tips and tasks about each assesment.

## Syllabus management system
- - -
* Garde wise syllabus of all subjects.
* Teacher can specifically include syllabus for weekly quiz or exams.
* Parents and students both can view this logs.

## Results management system
- - -
* individual students result and required analysis will be their.
* quarterly and yearly result of a student.
* Parents,teachers and students everyone can view this.

## Students storyline management system
- - -
* from start to end total storyline of a student will be there, like marks from first to present grade, details about interests and hobbies etc.
* Teachers advice and required details analysis will be there.
* Student, teachers and parents everyone can view this.

# Type of logins.
>According to the type of the user dependent permissions will be there, that will be predefined by the admin.

## 1.Super admin login
#### * Super admin can create admin

## 1. Admin login
#### * Admin can add students, teachers, and all employees.
#### * Admin will be responsible for putting details of subjects details, salary details of employees,different administritive details and total systems overview details.
#### * Administrative timetables will be managed by admin.
#### * Notice board management will be partialy dependent upon admin mainly in terms of administritive announcements.
#### * Inventory details will be given by the teachers and it will be maintained by the admin.

## 2. Teacher login
#### * Teacher can give attendance of students.
#### * Techers will be putting details about assenments and syllabus.
#### * Student results and assesment reports will be generated by the teacher.
#### * A part of notice will be managed by teachers.

## 3. Student login
#### * Students can view notice boards,can view syllabus, can view results and all the required logs of their profile.
#### * Library logs will be visible for them.
#### * Assesment details will be their individually in their profile.





